See Gold Series 2012 I've bought
a
I main et al., Gold or bought it 13 boxes last year is say three
I used a hopeless box and this time it's a neat 1 box
no 0 is
Oh greedy, humble niece and openminded
Hmm
Is it good at house soldier ?
Other woman
Because it is used here for a lifetime request
Either way
The will continue to open
there were
Know
Wow only
It may be a report that does not enter it, but in the previous opening video
Even though you are a junior high school student with glasses, you see that new year's party
Also I'd dangerous was shopping at 17,000 with
Apparently mom
It seems that I have gone
It seems to have become the wind up that say business retirement
No Okinawa only
Subdivision of No've Barre to had entered An'nani Toka brother Barre to parent
eh
I can only say something like a bruise
good author Das Dragon Excellency
Is it constitutionally what I want mild cage
You should just say Hahn
Which Katsu and the beginning of time you want the grain Which also want pitch
What pack eye 3 pack recovery op
Do I already
Can i not open it
No more of
Something I'd no undue importance
It says that even I still such a thing is in
Damep Nude
I just feel useless to open another after there is no award
Previous Previous stripped by us go Ukao
I want this gold already
SAKANE Kurogarei incoming and did not expect rain
I bought it for 780 yen or so, but before
I want to die
Why I'm feeling know cutter to enter to this knight of One or glasses worms endings
you added Clone to Black Ballester Dust Dragon
Dangerous it this time's streets and Which also Atari out Hey honest
Air First of all, it's nice to have a normal deer warm
Attached
By the way, most of the beginning of time is I am very glad was not able to have in the wo
The bad things that are really serious are also great
I wonder if the pack to have Chromata
Probably on to do such is about much
I kinda sound after this Kichijoji amenities
And I wonder if you Koyo look Once you seemed to be sold
Last night
the time-shortening's three-way package child in about eye come wrecked I'm a times
I think maybe it is good to go
Far error
Normal rear I knew in one piece
It's a single bird deer chaos soldier
Where you want to in 3 times
The result was like this
Maybe I might go up again if I shop today, so I see that too
I'm glad if you give me
I don't know if there are people who want ah
A and B awards can be provided, but if you can hand it over in Tokyo
I want to be a trade if there are those who wish do you think of please message
Then again